keyboards/ergodox_ez/keymaps/fordhurley/readme.md, before:

fordhurley
===========

My layout for the ergodox ez.

I started from a point that was more similar to the default macOS keyboard,
especially for modifiers.

I use option/cmd for word/line navigation accross macOS, so I've made sure
it's easy to enter commands like opt-left, opt-bksp, cmd-bksp, cmd-right etc.

I'm a software developer, so I try to keep common symbols easy to access.

The left and right pinkies on the home row (`a` and `;`) are "mod-tap" modifiers
to enable the symbol layer (tap to send `a`, hold to access the symbols on layer
1).

I started this layout in Oryx, and converted it to QMK:
https://configure.ergodox-ez.com/ergodox-ez/layouts/gQKOa/QBdMm/0


Features I'm experimenting with
--------------------------------

**Mod-tap**: I have a love/hate relationship with the mod-tab pinkies on the
home row. I can't seem to get the timing right, because I get a lot of false
holds *and* a lot of false taps, depending on how I happen to be typing at the
time. For example, just now, when typing the word "at", I somehow accidentally
paused my music and only entered the `t` character. Or, when writing code, I'm
sometimes going so fast that waiting for the "hold" to register in order to
enter a symbol is painful: I get a lot of `aj` instead of `{`.

**Vertical center keys**: I never use the brackets on the vertical keys between
the hands, but I like the idea of them. Might help with my mod-tap problem.

**Num pad layer**: Never use it, but I should!

Commit message:

Make 'z' momentarily activate the numpad layer if held

keyboards/ergodox_ez/keymaps/fordhurley/readme.md, after:

fordhurley
===========

My layout for the ergodox ez.

I started from a point that was more similar to the default macOS keyboard,
especially for modifiers.

I use option/cmd for word/line navigation accross macOS, so I've made sure
it's easy to enter commands like opt-left, opt-bksp, cmd-bksp, cmd-right etc.

I'm a software developer, so I try to keep common symbols easy to access.

The left pinky has mod-tap modifiers: tap to send the normal key or hold to
activate a layer. Holding `a` activates the symbol layer and holding `z`
activates the numpad layer.

I started this layout in Oryx, and converted it to QMK:
https://configure.ergodox-ez.com/ergodox-ez/layouts/gQKOa/QBdMm/0


Features I'm experimenting with
--------------------------------

**Mod-tap**: I have a love/hate relationship with the mod-tab pinkies on the
home row. I can't seem to get the timing right, because I get a lot of false
holds *and* a lot of false taps, depending on how I happen to be typing at the
time. For example, just now, when typing the word "at", I somehow accidentally
paused my music and only entered the `t` character. Or, when writing code, I'm
sometimes going so fast that waiting for the "hold" to register in order to
enter a symbol is painful: I get a lot of `aj` instead of `{`.

**Vertical center keys**: I never use the brackets on the vertical keys between
the hands, but I like the idea of them. Might help with my mod-tap problem.

**Num pad layer**: Never use it, but I should!
